FIX PoissonRegressor mixed namespace/device array API inputs (#34480)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/upcoming_changes/array-api/34480.fix.rst

- :class:`linear_model.PoissonRegressor` now accepts `y` and `sample_weight`
  from a different array API namespace or device than `X`.

>   By :user:`Amineh Dadsetan <aminehd>`.

Reviewer: Can you please change the title of the file to `34480.fix.rst` as this seems more of a fix.

- :class:`linear_model.PoissonRegressor` now accepts `y` and `sample_weight`
  from a different array API namespace or device than `X`, moving them onto

>   `X`'s namespace and device, so that mixed-namespace inputs (e.g. as produced
>   by a pipeline that moves `X` to another device) no longer raise.
>   By :user:`Amineh Dadsetan <aminehd>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :class:`linear_model.PoissonRegressor` now accepts `y` and `sample_weight`
  from a different array API namespace or device than `X`.
  By :user:`Amineh Dadsetan <aminehd>`.
```

Author: Applied your suggestion
